README.md, before:

# Edisty's Task

![Project Logo](https://i.ibb.co.com/C5mX5MzK/Edistys-task.png) 

## Overview

**Edisty's Task** is a modern web application built with Next.js, React, and Tailwind CSS. This project aims to provide a seamless user experience with smooth scrolling, responsive design, and dynamic content sections.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Scripts](#scripts)
- [My Info](#scripts)

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Adapts to various screen sizes with a mobile-first approach.
- **Smooth Scrolling**: Enhances user experience with smooth scrolling behavior.
- **Dynamic Sections**: Includes multiple sections like Hero, Technology, Philosophy, and more.
- **Custom Animations**: Utilizes CSS animations for a visually appealing interface.

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend**:
  - [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - A React framework for server-side rendering and static site generation.
  - [React](https://reactjs.org/) - A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
  - [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - A utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.
  - [GSAP](https://greensock.com/gsap/) - A powerful JavaScript library for animations.
  - [Swiper](https://swiperjs.com/) - A modern touch slider for mobile and web.

- **Development Tools**:
  - [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - A typed superset of JavaScript for better tooling and code quality.
  - [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) - A tool for identifying and fixing problems in JavaScript code.
  - [PostCSS](https://postcss.org/) - A tool for transforming CSS with JavaScript plugins.

## Installation

To get started with the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/edistys-task.git
   cd edistys-task
   ```

2. Install the dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

To run the development server, use the following command:
```bash
npm run dev
```
Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to see the application in action.

## Scripts

The following scripts are available in this project:

- `dev`: Starts the development server with Turbopack.
- `build`: Builds the application for production.
- `start`: Starts the production server.
- `lint`: Runs the linter to check for code quality issues.

---

## contact
 
**Looking for a Reliable Working Partner?**

I’m a professional **Front-End Web Developer** and experienced **Graphic Designer**. Let’s work together to create impactful solutions!

[🪐 Visit My Portfolio](https://jihad-info.vercel.app/) to see my work and get in touch!

---

Commit message:

Added Thumbnail and My Info in the Preject's Readme file

README.md, after:

# AnyTech Solution

![Project Image](https://i.ibb.co.com/C5mX5MzK/Edistys-task.png) 


## Overview

**AnyTech** is a modern web application built with Next.js, React, and Tailwind CSS. This project aims to provide a seamless user experience with smooth scrolling, responsive design, and dynamic content sections.

## Live Demo

You can view the live version of the project at the following link:

[Live Demo - Edisty's Task](https://edistys-task-phi.vercel.app/)

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Scripts](#scripts)
- [Contact Me](#contact-me)

## Features

- **Responsive Design**: Adapts to various screen sizes with a mobile-first approach.
- **Smooth Scrolling**: Enhances user experience with smooth scrolling behavior.
- **Dynamic Sections**: Includes multiple sections like Hero, Technology, Philosophy, and more.
- **Custom Animations**: Utilizes CSS animations for a visually appealing interface.

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend**:
  - [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - A React framework for server-side rendering and static site generation.
  - [React](https://reactjs.org/) - A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
  - [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - A utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.
  - [GSAP](https://greensock.com/gsap/) - A powerful JavaScript library for animations.
  - [Swiper](https://swiperjs.com/) - A modern touch slider for mobile and web.

- **Development Tools**:
  - [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - A typed superset of JavaScript for better tooling and code quality.
  - [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) - A tool for identifying and fixing problems in JavaScript code.
  - [PostCSS](https://postcss.org/) - A tool for transforming CSS with JavaScript plugins.

## Installation

To get started with the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/edistys-task.git
   cd edistys-task
   ```

2. Install the dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

To run the development server, use the following command:
```bash
npm run dev
```
Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to see the application in action.

## Scripts

The following scripts are available in this project:

- `dev`: Starts the development server with Turbopack.
- `build`: Builds the application for production.
- `start`: Starts the production server.
- `lint`: Runs the linter to check for code quality issues.



## Contact Me
 
**Looking for a Reliable Working Partner?**

I’m a professional **Front-End Web Developer** and experienced **Graphic Designer**. Let’s work together to create impactful solutions!

[🪐 Visit My Portfolio](https://jihad-info.vercel.app/) to see my work and get in touch!

---
